If your life was a movie, what would the title be?
The item to your left is your only weapon in a zombie apocalypse. How screwed are you?
Would you rather travel 100 years into the past or 100 years into the future?
If you could make one animal species talk, which one would it be?
Does the cereal go in the bowl before or after the milk?
If you were on death row, what would your last meal be?
Which emoji best describes your personality right now?
Do you have a hidden talent that is actually just weird?
What is the absolute worst fashion trend of all time?
Do you think aliens have visited Earth and are just hiding in plain sight?
What is the ultimate pizza topping and why is it or isn't it pineapple?
If you went to Hogwarts, which house would you realistically be sorted into?
What was your dream job when you were five years old?
What was the first concert you ever attended?
What is the one meme that will never not be funny to you?
You can only eat one cuisine for the rest of your life. What is it?
What is your go-to bad dance move?
If you had to be on a reality TV show, which one would it be?
If you could have dinner with any celebrity (dead or alive), who is it?
Who was your first cartoon character crush?
You’re stranded on a desert island and can only bring one physical object. What is it?
What do you think your spirit animal is?
What’s the worst haircut you’ve ever had?
What is your ultimate comfort food?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
What’s the scariest movie you’ve ever seen?
If you could go on a vacation anywhere in the world right now, where would it be?
What is your go-to karaoke song?
What is your biggest, most irrational pet peeve?
What is something you collect that other people might find strange?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how much of an introvert or extrovert are you?
Which board game are you most likely to start an argument over?
If you could have any superpower, but only while you’re asleep, what would it be?
What is your favorite season of the year and why?
Coffee, tea, or neither?
What is the most-used app on your phone?
What was your favorite subject in school (besides lunch)?
What is the best holiday and why?
If you had 5 minutes of fame, what would you want it to be for?
What is the best prank you’ve ever pulled?
If you could only read one book for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is an invention that doesn't exist yet but really should?
If you were a color, which color would you be?
What’s the best piece of advice you’d give to your younger self?